[Music]
good evening my name is Brian Hagerty
I'm the chair of the Board of Trustees
at the ales Community College Board of
Trustees I want to welcome you all to
our regular scheduled board
meeting uh here at the college if you
are listening at home and want to follow
us on the internet you can go to
www.youtube.com user
gocc uh again I want to welcome everyone
here tonight and before we get started
if we could all stand and say the Pledge
ofg Al to flag the United States of
America and to the Republic for which
stands one nation under God
with liberty and justice for
all and before we start I would like to
take a moment of silence please in
memory of our board member that has just
passed away Miss Nina p
thank
you okay Bill let's start with the roll
call please yes sir Mr xer hi Mrs roess
hi Miss naha here Mr Mendes hi Dr grah
will be here shortly Mr haery
I I item 1.4 approval of minutes there
is none item 1.5 welcome to guests and
staff
members again I'd like to welcome all
all of you that have are joined us here
this evening uh open Forum uh B item 1.6
open Forum there are none item 1.7
presentations by individuals groups and
organizations item 1.7.1 Mr Rene paa CPA
P bones mcdo and Co will present audit
will present the audit results for the
fiscal year 2024 financial statements
and let the record show that uh Dr
Graham has just showed up to the
meeting good evening good evening G
ladies gentlemen thank you very much
it's always an honor to be here to
present to you all the audit report we
appreciate the chance to do the audit
services for youall and um I'll go ahead
and start out like I as I usually enjoy
starting out saying congratulations it's
been quite honestly a fantastic year and
financial side um the numbers are
showing very strong numbers as we've
told you before we do what's called a
single audit where we have to look at
your financial statements we look at the
financial reporting are they in
accordance with generally government uh
acceptable accounting standards are they
in compliance with the accounting
standards uh with regulations and do you
have a strong internal control and I'm
going to say in all of the above the
answer is yes you had very good
controls um we are required under our
standards to present this uh to the full
board full management and so that's what
uh I'm doing here in front of you today
I'll try to keep it short sweet it's 100
and some odd Pages I've got it down to
just a few slides that hopefully will
bring out the um higher points we did
have a full committee meeting with the
um Council just a few weeks ago where we
went more in depth so I'll give you if
you don't mind the highlights but if you
have any questions please don't hesitate
to answer I do have my assistants here
who helped throughout the audit um so
first of all what's our responsibility
and these are required that I talk to
you about these things if you don't mind
our responsibilities are to report on
the financial data to report that we do
testing and analyzing of the of the
colleges internal control as I just
indicated and then we test and analyze
the college's compliance with the
federal regulations
Management's responsibility you all have
the responsibility of establishing and
maintaining internal control that's what
we test and look at including monitoring
of that internal control which I can
tellest that that is done made
presentation to you all and seeing the
the monitoring that yall doing uh you
have the responsibility of selection and
application of the accounting principles
this is thrown on with the Chief
Financial Officer and the accounting
department and then the fair
presentation of the financial report to
the governance committee so that you can
establish uh quality and and fair
budgets and see that the budgets are ad
here to so what did we do well the scope
of what we did we take a look testing of
the financial statements to make sure
that the numbers are materially correct
uh that you followed proper government
till accounting policies and procedures
and that you had proper internal control
over these notice I hit internal control
quite a few times it's that important um
so what were the results of that well uh
these were the highlights that I'm ping
pulling out of like I said the 100 plus
page uh report uh your cash and
Investments increased by $30 million to
$314 million this is how much you have
in cash and what that indicates is the
college has extreme liquidity at this
point which is very strong very good and
we haven't always had that but the last
several years it's been growing growing
stronger uh your current assets uh
increase by $35 million all the way up
to the $371 million your deferred
outflow that was that pension plan I'm
going to call it problem that we brought
in to you about 5 10 years ago one of
our gb's and it had a huge effect of 70
plus million well this year it actually
decreased by $6 million it's not not a
problem it's not an issue and it's
sitting on the books at $19 million and
all in all your total assets are sitting
with an increase of $31 million all the
way up to
$629 million and by the way your total
liabilities are $340 million so you have
significant assets over your liabilities
speaking of liabilities total
liabilities as I said uh decreased by $5
million uh to I'm sorry to
288 uh with the Deferred outflow uh
which decreased by $3.7 million uh to
$33 million so moral story is our issue
related to the pension plan and the uh
other postretirement costs uh have
diminished significantly and there's no
I would argue no concern and you're in
good shape with the pensions and we're
not affecting financial statements with
those issues anymore uh additional
results what else did I pull out of the
financial statement uh your net position
I think I've told you before that's the
capital that's the equity that the
organiz that the college has uh for
future funding for Grant uh increased by
$39 million all the way up to $28
million operating Revenue during the
year increases the operating Revenue by
itself increased by a $816,000
non-operating Revenue increased by $6
million and that's in spite of the fact
that in previous year last year year
before this I should say we had $22
million of covid fund so the covid fund
went away and yet we still increased by6
million revenue from State
Appropriations increased by 12 million
including $5 million on the new Fast and
then operating expenses increased by $9
million and again being the college I I
argue operating expenses is a positive
thing because it means you're helping
the public helping the students those
are pretty much the financial results
what we consider to see the significant
issues coming out of there again is that
the net Pension Plan uh liability
actually decreased as I said before uh
your pension discount rate stayed at 7%
these are things that always affect the
board um the other postretirement plan
discount rate increase slightly to
3.59 uh from I'm sorry from 359 to 3.81
and the net pension uh divert outflow
had a decrease so again no problems
related there additional results are
that the college is following government
accounting principles monthly and
annually and to me that's really
important that's where I get to say
you're getting good reports every single
month we're not having to come in make
any correction
and there were no audit adjustments uh
during the year next couple of slides
just additional results our opinion was
clean opinion in all respects there were
no material weaknesses there were no
significant deficiencies on internal
control there were no instances of
non-compliance and the public funds
investment Act was in compliance these
are the regulatory guidance items that
we have to touch
on and here I don't worry I won't go
through all these numbers but just if
you look at that chart on the bottom
half uh looking from right to left
that's how much you have grown in The
Last 5 Years in your equity in your net
position you were at $128 million in
2020 and you're up to $38 million in
your net equity in
2024 so just a tremendous uh uh increase
in in this short
period and also what's important of that
back in 2020 your 128 covered about
14% of the
expenditures of the college today we
have 12% of our entire expenditure
sitting in our Equity account nothing
can say that you're in a stronger
position that that in my opinion how did
these numbers occur um and again just
showing you some of the uh General
numbers your total operating Revenue uh
operations haven't really increase
you've had a reduction in students over
the covid period you're you're cting me
back and so you're at 34 million in
operating Revenue 5 years ago jumped it
up to uh 31 a year ago and up to 32
million this year so we're itching our
way back up in operating revenue and
that's basically our tuition and the
student type fees our non-operating
revenues which is the state and federal
government uh subsidies subsidizing is
all the way up to 194 compared to
174 years ago and 188 just last year so
tremendous increase in your government
of subsidies and funding so all in all
your total revenue jumped up to
227 from the 204 million over a 10%
increase in this 5year period in total
revenue whereas your expenditures have
actually dropped because again with
fewer students you have fewer um
overhead costs related to it so you're
this past year spent $187 million in uh
the operations of the college this
allowed you to put an extra $39 million
onto the bottom line for future
expenditures next slide just to show
some of the statistics on your full-time
um Staffing you can see you're at
17,35 5 years ago and you did drop down
to
14400 last year before last and this
past year you were at
15159 and the average revenue per
full-time uh student cost was at
2,146 compared to 140 uh
1,961 5 years ago so again just showing
complete uh growth and again I won't go
all these this is more of a take-home
but if you look at the chart at the
bottom of this it could show you what I
see out of this if you would is the
students portion of the revenues coming
in uh is that little blue line and the
state is the orange line above so the
student cost of the operating Revenue at
32 million where the federal government
and the other um agencies provide 194
million compared to 170 million for
years 5 years ago so again giving
everybody a a snapshot of how the public
is supporting and the students don't
have to cover so much of their cost and
finally on the expenditure side again
not to go into all these details more
for your viewing but looking at the
bottom line your total operating
expenses at 182 this year compared to
195 years ago and compared to
173 just last year and again if you look
at our instructional cost oh we're
finally itching back up it was at 66
million 5 years ago when we had more
students and we dropped down to 60
million uh two years past and just
jumped up to 63 so as students are
coming back we're increasing some of
that
cost and the last couple of slides are
just to show the faculty and then the
staff Administration and the bottom
chart is showing the combination of the
two and again as you could see uh in
years past where we had so significantly
more staff and faculties I think
visually this covers it
better and that's my story and I'll say
I'll stick to it you all have done a
fantastic job um cons congratulations on
continuously getting the certificate of
achievement year after year and uh the
financial accounting standards of being
closely followed like to to thank the
administration your staff just does a
fantastic job across the board um and
again it always comes down from good
guidance from the
board how many how many years does this
make that you've done our auditing I
know over 20 and I tried to get to the
exact number but I couldn't find I've
been here 30 I think you've been here
the same time so maybe it's been over 30
sir I have one question appreciate it I
appreciate your work and Mr Flores I
appreciate your staff in 21 on page 15
you show that we have a Gifts of 30
million which I think we know that was
the uh the the um Grant but with there's
a a $3 million gift what was a sale of
assets was that associated with the
building program we
had I I can't remember directly page 15
Bernie could you do you remember that
specific
the the 3.2 million is
from the 3.2 million 3.28 7 million all
I see is it's 3 million and 30 million
for one was gifs and one
was so on page 15 under 20 2021 oh
2021 yeah gifts I mean that's a row
title everything is blank except that
one year
I don't know what that is in I can I can
research it for you okay and see what
that is
[Music]
um says sale of assets I I don't know
right it says gain on sale of capital
assets yeah
yep I will research that and sure you if
we don't know we don't
know just don't have that detail in
front of us right now well probably was
for Mr for lores but that's all
right you have any more question any
questions no I'm just curious what we
saw much really appreciate I appreciate
it and again thank for allowing us to
provide services on do you know it was
for the St sale on stum building oh it
was for the the sale of the Staten
building that's was okay good job
thank you okay you thank you good job
all right well thank you all keep up the
good work appreciate what you do for Al
Paso again give our uh appreciation to
your staff Mr Flores for doing such a
great job I will thank you item 1.7.2 Dr
William serata College president will
present the certificate of achievement
for excellence in financial reporting
for fiscal year 2023 to Mr Fernando
Flores vice president Finance and
administration and Miss Anna Zuniga
associate vice president of budget and
financial
services chair Hagerty members of the
board this is my opportunity to give
thanks to our financial folks um it is
my pleasure to take a moment to
celebrate a significant achievement in
our institution's continued success as
you all know achieving excellence in
financial reporting is no small feat
takes a sharp eye for detail a solid
solid understanding of complex Financial
guidelines and most importantly a real
commitment to ensuring everything is
accurate and transparent today we're
proud to present the certificate of
achievement for excellence and financial
reporting to two outstanding members of
our team Mr Fernando Flores as well as
Miss Anna Zuniga uh Mr Flores as our
vice president of finance and
administration your leadership and
strategic oversight have ensured that
our financial reporting meets and
exceeds industry standards your
expertise and dedication to managing our
finances have helped us plan for the
future and build trust with our partners
where is he there he's on my right okay
miss zigaz our associate vice president
of a budget and financial services your
careful budgeting and attention to
detail have been crucial in shaping our
financial Outlook and ensuring accuracy
and accountability in our reporting on
behalf of the Board of Trustees and the
college thank you both this recognition
is an indication of your dedication and
exceptional work that you do every day
we're incredibly fortunate to have such
talented and driven driven individuals
guiding our financial operations it's my
pleasure to present this heavy piece of
uh certificate of achievement for
excellence financial reporting I believe
this is the 27th 28th time in a row
congratulations
teach why don't you bring him up here Dr
sh I want to take a picture with the
board you carry the
heavy actually I'm here
coming a little bit thank you
thank you so much
item
1.7.3 Dr William sarata College
president will recognize individuals who
have retired from El Paso Community
College judge Hagerty and members of the
board this is always a Bittersweet
moment uh to acknowledge our great
faculty and staff who have chosen um to
end their careers in to move on to the
next phase of Life uh today uh we're
celebrating um Mr Andrew uh W Lawrence
uh after 34 years at El Paso Community
College including 18 years in the
information technology department Mr
Lawrence has decided to retire and
embark on the next chapter of his life
come on up Mr Lawrence in 2008 he
transitioned to the distance learning
Support Services the dlss department and
and served as technical coord Ator
during this time he played a key role in
overseeing the college's learning
management system infrastructure through
four major upgrades additionally he has
served as a lison between the college
and all regional high schools that offer
college courses for dual credit he
ensured that the high school equipment
met the college's technical requirement
which included on-site visits he also
provided and verified compatibility for
Essential Software furthermore he worked
with high schools to to ensure that any
issues that arose preventing Student
Success was addressed quickly and
assisted with student login issues when
connecting to the EPCC Blackboard system
or publisher sites directly Mr Lawrence
has been a dedicate has been dedicated
to fostering academic growth and
advancing the institution's mission
throughout his career he collaborated
with the Competency Based education
department to assist with integrating
publisher content and transferring
courses and other information between
Blackboard and desire to learn bright
space as Mr Lawrence gets ready to
retire he thinks about the relationships
he built and their lasting impact during
his time at the college he's grateful
for the journey that EPCC has brought
him brought to him and his is excited to
embrace the new chapter carrying with
him Lessons Learned and the connections
and friendships made Mr Lawrence has
been a good colleague known for his
expertise collaborative spirit and
unwavering commitment to Student Success
his passion for ensuring our LMS system
runs smoothly smoothly and his
willingness to support faculty staff and
students have left a lasting impact
while we will miss Mr Lawrence's
presence and contributions we wish him
all the best and hope that he enjoys a
welld deserved retirement
congratulations sir
all way down
let me
see okay everyone here it
is thank you
the
judge
theong item
1.7.4 optional presentations will be
made by the presidents of the classified
staff Association the profess profal
staff Association The Faculty
Association and the student government
Association nobody here this
one I thought I
saw they don't want to tell us anything
this
section wow let the record show this is
a
first section 1.8 Comm Communications
item 1.8.1 discussion and review
regarding data statistics policies and
general information related to peso
Community College by the Board of
Trustees chair Hagerty and members of
the board we felt that the audit
presentation would cover that for this
particular meeting so you are excused
from
1.7.4 okay or 1.8.1 rather okay section
1.9 Board of Trustees business items
1.9.1
through 1.9.4 will be discussed after
executive session item 1.9.5 discussion
and take appropriate action on an
election order calling for an election
to be held on May 3rd 2025 for the
following single member electoral
districts districts four five and
six so we need a motion that we're going
to handle this is that what we need I
hear a motion so made second any
discussion call the question Bill Mr xer
I Mrs robless hi Miss naha hi Mr Mendes
hi Dr gram I Mr Hagerty
I item 1.9.6 discussion and take
appropriate action on authorizing the
execution of a contract between the
college and the county of El Paso Texas
for election services in an amount not
to exceed
$500,000 move to approve second any
discussion
do we get to work a kind of like a deal
with these guys 500,000 is a lot of
money no other questions call a question
Mr xer I Mrs robless I miss naha hi Mr
Mendes hi Dr Graham hi Mr Hagerty I item
1.9.7 dis discussion and take action to
approve the interlocal governmental
agreement for joint election between the
college and El Paso Independent School
District you hear a
motion Mo to approve
second any discussion are they going to
pay half of the
500,000 no that's still our portion oh
my God okay call a question Mr xer I Mrs
robless I miss naha I Mr Mendes hi Dr
Graham hi Mr Hagerty hi item 1.9 .8
discussion and action to approve
resolution of support for continued
investment in the dynamic Community
College funding model established by
House Bill 8 move to approve second any
discussion what is this Dr yeah so judge
Hagerty members of the board uh this is
the trustee Association from the state
of Texas asking each of the respective
boards uh Boards of Trustees Andor
Boards of Regents to approve um the
funding for House Bill eight or the ask
for funding uh I'd remind the board that
we're looking at a continued investment
in House Bill 8 we're asking the the
state of Texas and the legislature to
fully fund that uh the new mechanism of
funding that was established in the 88th
legislative session in 2023 we're asking
them to move forward in the 89th um to
move forward with continuing that so
those four items specifically spell out
the ask of the Community College sector
and it declares your support for that
ask any other
questions call a question Mr xer hi Mrs
robless hi Miss naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr
Graham hi Mr Hagerty hi section 1.10
board
reports item
1.10.1 Treasures report no action is
required this includes item 1.10.1
point1 November 30th 2024 financial
statements item 1.10.1 point2 December
31st 2024 financial statements no action
is required item 1.10.2 president's
report item 1.10.2 point1 Dr William
serata College president will update the
Board of Trustees and a and audience on
recent events that have transpired at op
Paso Community College good afternoon
chair Hagerty and members of the board
um I'd like to begin my report by
sending our thoughts and prayers uh to
Mr Mike Bea uh Miss Bea's husband her
children Brenda Brianna Alex and Mikey
and the entire paa family for the loss
of Mrs Nina paa Mrs paa served on the
board with dedication and commitment for
nearly six years contributing to the
growth and success of the college her
passion for students was always apparent
and she will be deeply missed by all of
us while we remember and reflect it's
also important to celebrate the
continued progress of the college today
I'm pleased to share several
accomplishments to display this this
past December the college celebrated
2,99 students with associate degrees and
certificates I would like to recognize
Dr Amaya and his team for the long hours
and efforts to celebrate our students
would also like to thank the
emsp program for their participation in
the ceremonies the MSP program provided
Medical Teams at the Memorial Gym
assembly site for the three ceremonies
from 7:00 a.m. to 900 p.m. the teams
were composed of emsp Faculty staff and
paramedic students thank you to the MSP
participants for your time and
contributions thank you to our Board of
Trustees for setting a Clear Vision of
Student Success our faculty and staff
for guiding our students to get to the
commencement and all attendees for
sharing in the celebration of of an
amazing Milestone congratulations to the
graduating class of 2024
would also like to congratulate Miss uh
Sarah sella agilar and her team for
successful Sun City portfolio Day event
the sixth annual Sun City portfolio day
is all about supporting local talent and
giving high school and EPCC students the
opportunity to show off their artwork to
colleges and universities without having
them leave the city it's a great
opportunity for students to connect with
schools and possibly walk away with a
scholarship offer
congratulations Miss aad and her team
for all their effort and hard work the
Student Success tutoring team was busy
tutoring students during this year's
winter mess which was held from December
16th to January 10th they provided
academic tutoring support to students
who registered to complete an entire
course in just four weeks during the
winter break online online tutoring was
open 7 days a week from 12:00 noon to
7:00 p.m. it was also available online
students who logged in for and online
tutoring we're very thankful for the
support one student wrote I compliment
the professionalism and patience of the
tutors in helping me learn the
material another student wrote the tutor
helped me a lot with questions I kept
getting wrong thank you for the Student
Success tutoring team for the great work
supporting our students the EPCC
veterans Resource Center proudly
announces that the Vian Trans Mountain
centers are fully operational and ready
to assist all veterans and Military
affiliated students both locations offer
services to students who are active duty
retired reservists or National Guard
veterans their spouse spouses of
veterans and dependent children of
service disabled veterans the Trans
Mountain VRC has also relocated to a
fully modernized space adjacent to the
Center for students with disabilities Mr
Carl dwire invites all faculty staff and
students to the grand reopening
celebrations for both locations you have
have um Flyers that show that which are
currently planned for tomorrow January
30th the vieta the ceremony starts at
10:00 a.m. and the Trans Mountain
ceremony begins at 2 pm congratulations
to Mr DWI and all of our team on both
grand openings congratulations to our
Echo cardiography program on their
recent pass rate success the program's
secondy year Echo cardiography student
cohort achieved a 100% pass rate on the
ardms sonography rhy principles and
instrumentation exam which is reflective
of the hard work and dedication of our
faculty as well as our students the
fashion Technology Program hosted a
dynamic fashion finals week culminating
in a pop-up fashion show and a panel of
distinguished industry experts held at
the Trans Mountain campus the fashion
show allowed students to Showcase their
designs on live models for the first
time offering a real world experience
that included styling music selection
and feedback from instructors before the
show a review session for students in
the fashion collection design course
provided valuable insights for a panel
of esteemed fashioned professionals
notable panelists included Pam vales
head designer at Arizona Bottoms in
outwear Amy Bond designer and educator
from Otis College of Art and Design and
former Project Runway and Netflix's next
next in fashion participant IM emilano
santian designer for Ralph Lauren's
men's purple label and Anna Zena's owner
of the boutique lovers of mine these
experts offered critical feedback to
students on their collections helping
them refine their work the event
underscored the talent within EPCC
fashion technology program and
highlighted the importance of Industry
connections and hands-on experience in
preparing students for the competitive
fashion industry the campus life and
student leadership team did a great job
hosting a grocery pickup at the Rio
Grande campus this past December El
pasoans fighting hunger provided food
for 250 people free and open to all
students faculty staff and the overall
Community EPCC and El Paso's fighting
hunger have partnered in the past the
first being in July 2024 at the vi Verde
campus and the second was in October at
the mission Del Paso campus would like
to thank El Paso's fighting hunger EPCC
student leadership and Campus Life new
student orientation and the EPCC Student
Government Association for their efforts
to address food in Security on our
campuses the college held extended
student registration hours for the
spring 2025 semester I'd like to thank
Dr amay as well as the admissions
recruitment financial aid testing
counseling cashiers firste experience
and vehicle vehicle registration
departments who were on hand to assist
students during the holiday break
the government discipline invites you to
a health and wellness Fair which will
place take place tomorrow January 30th
at the vi cafeteria Annex from 9:00 a.m.
to 1 p.m. the event will have free flu
shots HIV civilist testing blood sugar
testing Health rated screenings and
various presentations will be available
chair Hagerty that concludes my report
I'm happy to respond to any questions
that the board may have you have any
questions for Dr sh
brought there's a video that will play
shortly we wanted to have
this we're going to show you a short
video in a remembrance of uh Miss Pion
[Music]
see
item 1.11 consent docket there is none
section two Administration item
2.1 CDE D HB FAA local tasby policies
for first reading and information no
action is required section three
personnel item 3.1 information items
institutionally externally funded
full-time staff and faculty appointments
extensions resignations and retirements
no action is required section four
Financial Services item 4.1 discussion
and action on the approval of contracts
with several purchasing Cooperative
awarded vendors for the district-wide
purchases of medical and scientific
products in an amount not to exceed
$900,000
estimated annual aggregate
amount I have a motion move to
approve second
any
discussion all questions though Mr xer I
Mrs robless I Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham hi
Mr Hagerty
hi item 4.2 discussion and action on the
renewal of a one-year Banner technical
advisory services and Technology support
contract with illusion company LP in an
in an amount not to exceed
$163,500 move to approve for .2 and
4.3
second item 4.3 discussion and action on
the approval to award a contract for a
60-month lease to Xerox Corporation for
a multi-function Digital Imaging
production copier printer for the V
Verde instructional service center and
an amount not to exceed
$155,000 for five years any questions on
those two
items call a question
Mr xer hi Mrs roess hi Miss naha hi Mr
Mendes hi Dr Graham hi Mr Hagerty I item
4.4 discussion and action on the renewal
of grammarly for education for a
19-month term with grammarly Inc in the
amount of
$12,400 move to approve and I'd like a
little more
clarification Beyond what's written on
the agenda
do we have a second
second okay we have any uh I guess this
is Marco
Fernandes yes ma'am so um grammarly is a
service that is used in the instruction
area as well uh well primarily for
uh instructors or professors in the
English uh discipline this is for
students that helps some uh enhance
their writing skills as well as um
providing uh staff uh as well access to
it that allows us to uh use it for
checking grammar um and it also suggests
different
um improvements in style of of the uh
context of the
tax do we do we know if uh other
colleges are using it yes ma'am there
are other colleges that use it as well
Across the Nation
any other
questions caller
questions Mr xer hi Mrs robless hi Miss
naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham hi Mr
Hagerty
hi item 4.5 discussion and action on the
approval of a contract award to scenario
learning LLC doing business as Vector
solutions for the use of their online
learning management system LMS for
employee and student compliance and
other Associated Training Services for
the district in an amount not to exceed
82,6 move to approve 4.5 and
4.6 and
4.7
second item item 4.6 discussion and
action on the approval of a resolution
setting up a texpool Prime account with
the designated Representatives
authorized to transact business with Tex
pool a Texas local government investment
pool item 4.7 discussion and action on
the approval of adding a signatory on
Bank resolutions for Wells Fargo Bank
and a any questions on those three
items call a question well Mr xer I Mrs
robless I miss naha hi Mr mes hi Dr
Graham hi Mr Hagerty hi section five
physical fac fa ities none section six
curriculum and instruction item 6.1
discussion and action on the approval of
the new occupational skills award in
continuing education nursing assistant
move to approve 6.1 6.2 and
6.3 and
6.4
second item 6.2 discussion and action on
the approval of a new occupational
skills award in continuing education
flip botomy technician item 6.3
discussion and action on the approval of
the new occupational skills award in
continuing education real estate item
6.4 discussion and action on the
approval of a new occupational skills
award in structural in structural
welding chair Hagerty and members of the
board just want to commend Dr Smith and
and his team for developing these new
programs that are in high demand in our
respective community that pay a living
wage at least a living wage and that are
also in accordance with House Bill
eight how soon will these be
implemented Dr Graham uh these being C
programs they can be implemented very
quickly uh in fact we anticipate
enrolling the first cohort of students
in these programs very shortly um the
good news on these is that they consist
of existing coursework and fit within
our existing budget uh so no additional
dollars are being expended on these
right congratulations great job uh it's
all new to the team and I'd like to
recognize AVP primich who's sitting back
there as well as the uh directors Cheryl
Styles if she's back there and Dr Olga
Valerio and Miss Leticia G they're the
ones responsible for this great J now
one on 6.2 that's the one where they
stab you for blood right yes sir
hopefully it's not a stab I I want you
really to work with those I just went
through chemotherapy and that was the
worst part of the whole chemo was them
sticking my
arm so I really want you to make sure
they know what they they're
doing we'll do judge any other questions
it's probably because you have a tough
schin if you'd like to serve as a no no
I've already played I've already played
pin cushion if any other questions yeah
if you if you said that this fits within
our current structured does that mean
that most of this is just administrative
work to get the official certification
then if it ex if the courses exist there
that means we have the facilities and
instructors so this is more of a
administrative item than it is you know
additional in a sense yes sir um it's a
packaging them together if you recall
prior to House Bill 8 um the state did
not fund CE programs at the level that
we're eligible for funding now
and so yeah we've taken some of our
existing coursework in in cooperation
and collaboration with our business
partners by the way in the healthcare
Fields Etc to package uh sets of courses
that would lead to uh an occupation in
these respective Fields but you're not
really adding additional staff or
courses to any significant degree if we
add any staff it would be part-time
instructors
okay any other
questions call the question Mr xer I Mrs
robless I miss naha I Mr Mendes I Dr
Graham I Mr Hagerty I item 6.5
discussion and action on the acceptance
of the Texas Higher Education
Coordinating Board thcb Texas reskilling
and upskilling through education true
grants in the amount of $177,200
call a question Mr xer I Mrs robless I
miss naha I Mr Mendes I Dr Graham I Mr
Hagerty I section s student services
item 7.1 discussion and action on the
approval of continuing education CE
tuition rates for new courses M approve
second any discussion call the question
Mr xer I Mrs robless I miss naha I Mr
Mendes hi Dr Graham hi Mr Hagerty
hi Section 8 Community Services there is
none would the board like to go into
executive session
please item 1.3 executive and closed
session the Board of Trustees May
conduct an executive or close session
pursuant to chapter 551 of the Texas
government code for one or more of the
following reasons one consultation with
its attorney to seek or receive legal
advice or consultation regarding pending
or contemplated litigation or for or any
purpose authorized by law two discussion
about the value or transfer of real
property three discussion about a
prospective gift or donation four
consideration of specific Personnel
matters five discussion about security
Personnel or devices or six discussion
of certain Economic Development matters
the board may also announce that it will
go into executive session on any item
listed on this agenda if the subject
matter is permitted for a closed session
by provisions of chapter 551 of the
Texas government code any vote regarding
these items shall be taken in Open
Session item 1.3.1 discussion with legal
council regarding negotiation of
exchange of real property between EPCC
and county of El Paso located adjacent
to the mission El Paso campus pursuant
to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
item 1.3.2 discussion with legal council
regarding an EEOC charge filed by fariba
Ansari EEOC charge number
45320 2 4
01741 pursuing to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
item 1.3.3 discussion with legal council
regarding a lawsuit styled Catalina
valtier Pon versus El Paso County
Community College District calls number
2024 dcv 2798 in the 168th Judicial
District Court of El Paso County Texas
pursuant to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
code item 1.3.4 discussion with legal
council regarding a lawsuit sty Jesus
Ortiz versus El Paso County Community
College District cause number 324 CV
00184 in the United States district
court for the Western District of Texas
a passo division pursuant to section
551.071 of the Texas government code
item 1.3.5 discussion with legal councel
regarding the proposed contract
termination of an employ in the division
of instruction and Workforce education
pursu to section
551.074 of the Texas government code the
time is now 5:23 and the board is in
executive
session okay the board is back out of
executive session uh B we're going to
start with item number
1.9.1 yes sir item 1.9.1 discussion and
take possible action regarding an eeo
charge filed by Fara anari EOC charge
number 453
20241 741 have a motion I make a motion
to approve the action discussed with
Council in executive session any
discussion we need a second second any
discussion any questions I second okay
call a question Mr xer hi Mrs robless hi
Miss naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr Graham hi
Mr Hagerty hi item 1.9.2 discussion and
take possible action regarding a lawsuit
sty Catalina valeron versus El Paso
County Community College District call
number
2024 dcv
2798 in the 168th Judicial District
Court of El Paso County Texas I have a
motion make a motion to approve the
action discussed with Council in
executive session second second any
discussion call a question Mr xer hi Mrs
robless hi Miss naha hi Mr Mendes hi Dr
Graham hi Mr Hager I item
1.9.3 discussion and take possible
action regarding a lawsuit styled Jesus
Ortiz versus El Paso County Community
College District call number 324 CV
00184 in the United States district
court for the Western District of Texas
op Paso division
have a motion make a motion to approve
the action discussed with Council and
executive session second the motion all
right any discussion call a question Mr
xer I Mrs robless I miss naha hi Mr
Mendes hi Dr Graham hi Mr Hagerty hi
item
1.9.4 discuss discussion and take
possible action regarding the proposed
contract termination of an employee in
the division of instruction and
Workforce education we're not going to
take any action action on that
it I want to remind everyone that our
next board meeting will be on February
the
25th right here in this board meeting uh
room at 4:30
p.m. we are adjourned thank you you
[Music]